# HMOs_Corona_system
A Coronavirus management system for HMOs

I am presenting the Fullstack project of a website for managing the Corona system for health funds.
Due to time constraints, the project is not finished, but I will describe the user interface in words.
Upon opening the website, a list of all members of the HMO will be displayed.
By clicking on one of the members we will go to a page that will display his details. The option to update the details will appear there and when we click on it we will go to the page where all the fields of the details will appear and the option to change any field except the ID card. Each field will be limited to receive the characters it can receive, for example, the first name field will only be able to contain letters and will also be subject to a length restriction. After that, we will click OK and the system will check whether all the details meet the input correctness requirements, for example, it will check that a mandatory field such as a first name is not empty, and if so it will update the details in the database and display a message to the customer that the update has been completed successfully, if not the system will display an error message with details, for example -"Details are missing".
In addition, the option to delete the member will appear, the user will be asked if they are sure they want to delete this member and after a positive answer the system will delete the member and display a message to the user regarding the deletion of the member.
On the main display page, an option to add a member will appear and by clicking on it, we will go to a page where all the fields that belong to a member entity will appear when they are empty. Each field will be limited to receive the characters it can receive, for example, the first name field will only be able to contain letters and will also be subject to a length restriction. After that, we will click OK and the system will check whether all the details meet the input correctness requirements, that is, it will check that all the mandatory fields are filled. After that, the system will check if there is another member with the same ID number, if so it will send a message to the user that such a member exists in the database and will not add him to the database. Otherwise, you will add the friend to the database and send a message to the user that the friend has been successfully added.
On the main display page, there will also appear a user search option based on an identity number, a box will appear where it will be possible to fill in an identity number. The box will limit input and only allow digits of a certain length. After that, the system will check if there is a member with the same ID number in the database. If so, we will go to the page where the member's details will be displayed, if not, a message will be displayed that such a member does not exist.
With any error that occurs in the lower layers, it will be caught in the catch and a message will appear detailing the error to the user.


Beyond that, you can see in the project that I implemented the server and that it connects to the MongoDB database, and the crud functions are implemented.